You do what I say
Attitude must be decided
Don't be soft-hearted just because your husband said a few nice things.
Otherwise Buddha can't help you
first
First, get back all the money and things your husband gave to that woman, but all the things he gave away.
How can we get it back? These are handled by our lawyers.
You just have to persevere.
As long as I can get it back, I will not default.
Not necessarily.
Then what do you say?
First of all, you sue that woman for violating social order and morals
You don't need your husband's consent.
Then apply for an investigation order
Take out your husband's assets and find out
But my husband would never allow me to do that.
I just said it in vain, didn't I?
Teacher, my husband volunteered to give him flowers.
What can I do if I find out?
Your husband is disposing of your marital property without your consent
This is not legally recognized
Your husband's gifts are all invalid. It's not Lawyer Tang. Don't be angry.
I'm just afraid that my husband won't cooperate with me.
As long as you are not happy
You can be as tall as your husband
I don't understand why you women cry and make trouble and hang yourself when you encounter problems
Don't know how to solve the problem at all
But don't but
After you get your money back
Your husband will love you to the death
Lawsuits won or not won
Not all lawyers
It's about you.